c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Web.dll.config
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Web.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Web.pdb
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\obj\Debug\SmartWorld.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\obj\Debug\SmartWorld.Web.dll
c:\users\chenbo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\obj\Debug\SmartWorld.Web.pdb
c:\Users\ChenBo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Business.dll
c:\Users\ChenBo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Model.dll
c:\Users\ChenBo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Uitls.dll
c:\Users\ChenBo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Business.pdb
c:\Users\ChenBo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Model.pdb
c:\Users\ChenBo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Uitls.pdb
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Web.dll.config
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Web.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Business.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Model.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Uitls.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Business.pdb
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.Uitls.pdb
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\obj\Debug\SmartWorld.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\obj\Debug\SmartWorld.Web.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\obj\Debug\SmartWorld.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.DAL.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\SmartWorld.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\obj\Debug\SmartWorld.Web.csprojFakesResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\obj\Debug\SmartWorld.Web.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.4.3.0.0.Fakes.fakesconfig
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.4.3.0.0.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.UI.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.InfoCard.UI.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Common.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.ServiceProvider.4.3.0.0.Fakes.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.AuthorizationServer.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.Client.UI.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ClientAuthorization.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth2.ResourceServer.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Provider.UI.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.UI.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.UI.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdInfoCard.UI.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenIdOAuth.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.resources.dll
C:\Users\Mentu\Desktop\SmartWorld\SmartWorld\SmartWorld.Web\bin\Z.EntityFramework.Extensions.dll
